c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Assignment.dll
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Assignment.pdb
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\obj\Debug\Assignment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\obj\Debug\Assignment.dll
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\obj\Debug\Assignment.pdb
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Ritesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Assignment\Assignment\bin\Unity.Mvc3.dll
